Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al
Codey: - That was Cody.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cottagecore games
Codey: - Oh, woo!
Codey: Oh, oh, oh!
Al: We are gonna talk today about the wholesome snack. We have literally just finished watching the wholesome snack together
Codey: Okay.
Al: I live streamed us talking about it
Al: I have no idea if it was any interesting to anyone who...
Al: I've watched it. I'm sure we'll find out at some point, but we did have a few people mostly from this lack who were here, watching and listening and commenting and I had fun.
Codey: Yeah, I think it's I think it's always fun to live stream these things because then you basically are getting feedback from your friends like in real time versus me having to
Codey: Rush to slack to
Al: Yeah. Yeah.
Codey: Get people's opinions
Codey: About something that that I'm excited about. I was able to in the real
Codey: Show people the game. I was freaked out about when you see if you put it on here. Yes, you did. Okay, I'm not gonna talk about it
Al: I did. Of course I did.
Codey: Oh, I need to go through all this news.
Codey: I'm doing the news as we're doing it.
Al: I mean, most people do that. Most people don't do what you do and actually look at it.
Codey: I normally listen to as I normally go through all the news before you record.
Codey: I did not do that.
Al: But Cody is the only person who does that. I think it.
Al: That's not true.
Al: Micah does it.
Al: Micah goes and like opens up a tab for every single thing in the news.
Codey: Yep, so I like to put my comments in there.
Al: But that's
Codey: I like to look at the material beforehand and put my comments in there
Codey: because there's like a stress of I need to be interesting.
Codey: If I've at least looked it up so that there's not like me on the fly trying to like panic figure out what to say,
Codey: it just reduces some of the stress.
Codey: It's autism.
Al: I know I get that. I get that. I'm all I'm saying is most other people don't do it. I'm not saying you're not allowed to. I just find it funny. That's all all right.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Hit me.
Al: So yeah, we're gonna go through the the stuff from the wholesome smack snack that there is to talk about.
Codey: Oh, so soon.
Codey: My brain took that to a non-wholesome place.
Al: Yep. I don't know what to say. Yep. The wholesome smack. No, we are.
Codey: There you go!
Al: sake we here.
Al: Yes we will. We will be going through our deer. We will be going through the stuff from
Codey: Episode title.
Al: the Holesome Snack. We have some other news to cover as well but first of all Cody what have
Codey: I have been doing much, um, let me actually look. I feel like I haven't been on in a hot minute,
Codey: mm-hmm. Because I went to, um, in November, I was gone for your multiple weeks at a conference
Codey: in Oregon, um, two conferences and then I got to see my family and then I came back and then it
Codey: was packed on plug weekend, uh, in Philly, which was nuts and I got to see aslan. It was lovely.
Codey: and some other, some of our other friends.
Codey: And we got to play board games together and then I came back and ever since then, I've just been kind of like slamming my PhD trying to get everything done and squared away.
Codey: And then when I need my brain turn off time, I've been playing like board games with my roommates also like for Thanksgiving this year.
Codey: We don't really go anywhere and we have some other friends who don't go anywhere for Thanksgiving, but they go places for like the other holidays.
Codey: We've got a friends giving, we just invited a bunch of people over and one of our friends drove up, he's a few hours away, but he drove up and stayed with us for like the whole weekend.
Codey: And so we just played board games like that whole weekend, it was just kind of an open invite of anyone can come and play board games and we all ate all of the Thanksgiving food was lovely.
Codey: Oh man, what did we not play? We played ark nova. We played slay the spire board game.
Codey: Which I, you know, Jeff made a horrible mistake in giving me access to his amex account and I now have an amex card.
Codey: I just, I spent so much money at that convention, but it packs you, but it was all money that I was like, should we get this? And he said yes.
Codey: And then he'd be like, wait, why is this $180? And I'm like, I asked if you, I asked if we should get it.
Al: [laughter]
Codey: And you said, yes.
Codey: But that's how much sleigh this buyer, collector's edition costs, and that's all they had.
Codey: But it's a super fun game if you've ever played the normal, regular sleigh this buyer.
Codey: It's that, but instead of you can play it anywhere from one to four players, and it's co-op.
Codey: So instead of playing four people and trying to beat each other, whatever.
Codey: You're working together and trying to use each other's skills to slay this buyer.
Codey: And now we're doing that as a campaign.
Codey: So every week one of our friends comes over and
Codey: and we all are trying to slay that spire. Next time we play it's going to be
Codey: starting act 3. Very interesting. We also played a game called Insect
Codey: Tarium. We played March of the Ants. We played Splendor. We played Pax Premier,
Codey: Red Dragon Inn. I'm missing at least, I'm missing at least like 3. We played, it was
Al: That's a lot of games
Al: How long was this
Codey: basically like four days.
Al: Okay fair enough, I was I was assuming this was like one day and I'm like that's a lot of games for one day
Codey: It was like Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yep, nope, it was many days.
Codey: We also got life, so that packs unplugged.
Codey: We played like the old old version of the life board game.
Codey: Have you ever played life?
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Yes, the game of, yeah, the game of life.
Al: I don't - is that - is that the game of life or is it a different - the game of life?
Codey: So we played the original one at PAXU and then, but.
Codey: My friend Kaylene, I really like how in the newer ones, you get to choose which house you have instead of just being like buy a house, give me give the bank $20,000 whatever.
Codey: So then she went and bought the most modern version and so we were playing that it was very fun.
Codey: Our friend Jack ended up with like eight kids, was nuts.
Codey: Yeah, so I played a lot of that and then other than not, I've been playing house flipper on Xbox.
Codey: Got very into that. I won't play the second one, but I'm finishing the first one and then I've just cop this late this buyer bug again. So I've just been playing that as well.
Codey: On top of trying to finish the PhD and apply for jobs.
Al: [laughing]
Al: So just a few things then.
Codey: I've applied. Yeah, I've applied for multiple jobs that could take me anywhere across the country.
Al: Are you going to get a break over?
Codey: Haven't. No, no, it's possible that I might. Well, it would be quote unquote a break, but it wouldn't really be a break.
Codey: This upcoming weekend because Jeff's company holiday party, instead of just being like, they usually pay for everyone to go to like a Brazilian steakhouse or whatever and they just like get whatever you want, but this year they rented a beach house in Miami.
Al: Yep.
Codey: So we're just going there and then they've like book desk massages and top golf and like cooks to come to the house and jet skis and an Everglades tour and yoga.
Codey: stuff. So that's kind of a break, but like on the way there, I'm going to be like on the
Codey: plane. I'm just going to be writing and then any moment that I have I'll probably be writing.
Codey: Like when I went to Hawaii with Jeff, we basically just it was it was just me doing work,
Codey: but in a different location. And I feel like that's going to happen again. Yes.
Al: Yeah, I mean that's sometimes that can be
Al: Sometimes that can be refreshing. I find that like quite often. I'll we'll go
Al: To the Isle of Man and I'll still be working, but it's a school holidays
Al: So I'm the only one working, but I I find that
Al: Refreshing because it's like hey, I'm in a nice place. I'm in a place. It's not my normal place. I like being here
Codey: Yup, well that's, I'm going to hush now, that was a lot.
Codey: What about you?
Codey: Oh, what are you up to?
Al: Well, so I'm in an I'm in that awkward period where I have recorded an episode that's coming out in three weeks
Al: And so trying to remember what I said then and not just repeat myself
Al: But I am playing I've been playing snackle
Al: I don't want to talk about that too much because I might be talking about it
Al: Soon, but I so I don't want to talk about that much, but I am playing it and playing it on my Xbox ally
Al: I was using the kind of...
Al: default windows and it was fine, but I get really annoyed by a bunch of it, so I'm now using SteamOS for it, but I've got it set up so I can have Windows and SteamOS, so I can put into Windows if I want to do GamePad stuff.
Al: But, Snack, I just have on Steam, so I'm just going to use Steam, and it's still a much better device than the Steam Deck in terms of, like, it's more powerful and I prefer the ergonomics to it.
Al: But yeah, I just I just wish
Al: was so steam it's just steam OS is just so much better like on so many levels
Codey: Yeah
Al: this like the sleep mode on Windows it's just terrible like if you just if you just press the
Al: power button to turn off the screen it does it uses so much battery power it's basically running
Al: everything it's not it doesn't put anything to sleep and the screen will like flash on and then
Al: go off 10 seconds.
Al: the next time you're going to be in the next one.
Al: and just as as you would expect, you know, it's just steamaways.
Codey: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: That's what you expect it to do and windows goes some stuff.
Al: I feel like the problem is that they're trying to just go we want everything.
Al: We want it to be windows and so we're going to build windows differently,
Al: but because it's all fundamentally still the same thing,
Al: it still has all the disadvantage of windows.
Al: And so its power management is terrible and all of that is not fun.
Al: And like I don't know if it's possible to like not have a password on the lock screen for example.
Al: So every time you come to open up to play your game again,
Al: which you put down and you press the power button because you've gone to the toilet
Al: and you just you don't want it to sit in there with the screen on the whole time.
Al: You come back, you press the power button and up you have to type in your password again to get in.
Al: It's not great.
Codey: Yeah, yeah Jeff also really really likes the steam deck. He got one and basically has just been reusing it to replay
Al: So there's lots of things.
Codey: so long again
Codey: And he said it's just so much faster than switch and the it feels better in the hand
Al: So that and that, yeah, that's probably all I want to talk about just now because I've talked about a lot in the game a year episode and that's coming out in three weeks.
Al: So you'll learn more about Snackle then and also maybe next week. That's what we've been up to.
Codey: Oh, woo!
Al: All right, so we have some pieces of news that were before the wholesome snack that we're going to go through first.
Al: So first up, Little Rocket Lab, they have, so I think we already...
Al: did we already know about the Switch version? I can't remember. There is a Switch version and now a Switch 2 version coming out.
Al: They come out tomorrow as we're recording, so they will be out now if you're listening to this unless you're currently in the chat listening to this because we are apparently live streaming this one.
Codey: Hmm.
Al: As far as I can tell, the only difference between the Switch and the Switch 2 version is the Switch 2 version can run at 120 frames per second, which is madness.
Codey: It's also 0.4 gigs more file size.
Al: Wow. So the upgrade is free. So good. If that's, that's all you're getting is 120 frames per second,
Al: which feels unnecessary little unnecessarily large, right? 60 frames per second. Sure, I get that. 120
Al: is madness. But I'm sure there'll be somebody who will be like, no, no, I need, I need those extra 60 frames per second.
Al: But yeah, so that should be out now.
Codey: - Well, speaking of frames per second.
Al: Yes, okay, so this one's interesting to star sand island have announced they're also releasing a switch to version
Al: It's all coming it's all coming to switch to know
Al: So we already knew their switch versions coming we I don't believe we have an exact release date for them
Al: And don't know whether it's coming out at the same time as steam, but it is coming in 20 twin is early 20 26 is what they said early 20 26
Codey: Yeah, that says, the nebulous early 2026.
Al: I guess we'll--
Al: find out. I think we do officially have a date for on Steam as the first of February, apparently.
Al: I don't know if that's still the case. Let me check the Steam page.
Al: No, that is no saying Q1, 2026. So maybe it's not the first of--
Codey: This is nuts.
Al: Yes, so the Switch 2 version will have a higher performance, but what they're adding--
Al: two different performance modes, either quality mode, which targets 45 frames per second at 1080,
Al: and performance mode that delivers 60 frames per second, also at 1080.
Al: So basically, it's like, do you want 45 frames per second or 60?
Al: Because most of the time when they have two different modes of performance is like,
Al: This is the one that has the higher resolution. This one is the one that has...
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: the higher frame rate, which is this is like, "No, no, they have the same resolution. It's just one is better."
Al: I guess maybe that's if you want to preserve battery life, you go for the quality mode.
Al: I don't know why they're calling it quality mode when it's the same resolution.
Codey: Yup, that to me so like my gut when I saw quality mode was like here's the one that has the good quality like
Al: Yeah
Codey: you can play it better versus the prettier mode. No, and so like that's the thing is like that's where my brain went.
Al: Yes, but that's not what it is at all
Codey: So I don't know if I don't like what would be the point. I guess maybe quality mode.
Al: I don't know.
Codey: Maybe it just drains your battery less or something? That's like...
Al: I think that's the only thing I can think of.
Al: The other thing I can think of is that it was a mistake and actually it's different because
Al: the YouTube video that the uploaded with this information is gone, they've deleted it.
Al: So was the video wrong and they need to fix it and re-upload it.
Al: But then this was a week ago and the video's not back up.
Al: So I don't know what's happening very weird.
Al: There's also no information on whether the upgrade costs
Al: money and it adds mouse mode and game chat as well and I think that's all we know so far.
Codey: But it says you can check out the reveal trailer bullet.
Al: Amazing.
Al: Next we have a delay.
Al: It's been a while since we've had to delay and hopefully won't be the last this year
Al: because I still have four games listed as coming out this year.
Al: At the overthrow and I have announced that their 1.0 is delayed till next year.
Al: They say first off we'd like to thank everyone for your continued patience and support for
Al: overthrow and while we had initially hoped to release 1.0 this month after careful consideration
Al: the team feels it is necessary to move the launch to next year.
Al: Our biggest priority is ensuring the game is in its absolute best shape for you all and this
Al: additional time is necessary to accomplish that goal and deliver the best player experience.
Al: We answer release.
Al: into 1.0 with the airship update as soon as we can. I enjoy that. It's like just the boilerplate like oh we need more time. Thanks.
Codey: And let's go to the comments. Oh, Lord, she loading. Oh, something went wrong.
Al: did you break steam? Oh yeah. Oh that's proper broken. I got it as well. Steam
Codey: I did, I guess.
Codey: Can you, can it, does it do anything for you? Oh, yeah, okay. Cool.
Al: appears to be experiencing downtime. Steam is down for routine maintenance every
Al: Tuesday. Weird. Is it back?
Codey: There you go. I found it. Take your time looking forward to it. That's perfectly fine.
Codey: Thanks for the update. Much rather it be delayed than release when not ready. Yeah, see, this is
Codey: is all positive.
Codey: You mentioned this in the most reason.
Codey: You can delay as long as you're transparent about why.
Al: think up to a point up to a point I think after after like two or three delays people
Codey: Oh, wait, someone just responded, "Bad!"
Al: start to get annoyed at that I do think it's good they've not announced another
Al: time they've just said as soon as possible I do think that's probably the best way
Al: to go about things but yeah after a few delays people start to as you can see
Codey: Some people are also saying that the devs seem to be working on another title on the sidelines, so they're not even really focused on this game.
Al: That I feel like you don't know how they're working in you know
Al: It's not like it's very common for a lot
Al: You know teams that are expanding to expand by adding new new people on a different
Al: Project rather than adding to your existing team because adding to your existing team doesn't necessarily speed anything up because they have to get
Al: Unboarded they have to figure out what it's like they have to learn your processes and your tools
Al: So adding people to your team doesn't necessarily speed that up but adding them
Al: to a new project allows you to get that started while you're finishing off an existing game. So I feel like that's a bit unfair assuming that but
Al: I get I get why people get frustrated with that but also I feel I feel like that's common knowledge and remedies that that's how these things work, right?
Codey: Yeah, I think so. It should be.
Al: All right, next we have Luma Island have released their winter update. So this includes Christmas decorations and includes a limited time Luma egg. Now I that doesn't send great to me.
Al: Like you have to get it and before the middle of January. And it sounds like it's redolph because it says here's a hint. It's got a red nose, but yeah, just I've not I'm not a huge fan of a lot of games doing this recently, which is where for a certain period of time you can do something in game.
Codey: It's the FOMO. It keeps you engaged, keeps you chime in.
Al: Yeah.
Al: exactly not a fan of that. But then I also don't
Codey: Gotta love some of the bug fixes though.
Al: really play Lou violence so... [laughs]
Codey: Some of the bug fixes are fun.
Codey: So they also did the Luma's will now gather resources for you.
Codey: You can turn, I do like this.
Codey: You can toggle grass and plant growth on or off your farm.
Codey: I've wished that like animal crossing did that.
Codey: like, stop, I don't want.
Codey: The flowers growing anymore, I don't know, because I've curated my little garden, like,
Al: Yeah, well, they just want you to be logging in every single day
Codey: let it just stay the way it is, but it won't.
Codey: Yeah, I'm not doing that. Come on, Animal Crossing. We know what it is. I log in in the spring,
Codey: I start playing, I get excited, and then by a month later, I'm not playing anymore, and then
Codey: suddenly I try and check in late fall, and I realize I missed so much, and then I just freak out.
Codey: Luma's will also gather resources for you if you place them in their nests, so there are
Codey: water luma's, earth luma's, nature luma's, mining, and lost luma's. They dig up loot from threats,
Codey: I don't know, assuming. Yeah, it must be something in the game. I do love the first bug fix.
Al: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know if I got that far into Le Mansland to figure it.
Codey: This performance now remains stable during loss.
Codey: And I'm playing sessions instead of slowly degrading over time.
Al: That's one way of saying we fix the memories.
Codey: any of these other ones are. Dogs should no longer stand frozen on that
Codey: one strangely fascinating spot in town.
Al: [laughs]
Al: All right, next we have the Coral Island 1.2B update
Al: that is out now.
Al: So there's quite a lot in this.
Al: So first up, they have the haunted house.
Al: There's a new mini game.
Al: It's a partner only activity.
Al: So you have to have a romance ball NPC
Al: that you've already hung out with.
Al: And Ling's mansion becomes a haunted house
Al: during the year.
Al: This is a tattoo shop which I feel like I've not really seen in a farming game before being able to get tattoos.
Codey: Yeah, so this character, um, Razi, she was, she's been in the game, but, and she's clearly
Codey: a tattoo artist, but you couldn't get anything, so I'm excited that this is finally there.
Al: Yeah, she's one of the the mirror people.
Al: Also, they've added some more stuff to NPCs.
Al: So romance ball NPCs that you're dating can initiate a hug with you.
Al: If you're married, they can also kiss you and there's some more dynamic dialogue.
Al: So they're slowly trying to add more stuff to make it seem like your
Al: spouse is not just a husk.
Codey: though they did
Codey: They do have it where your person leaves the house now
Al: Was I in the 1.2 update?
Codey: That was before like in one of the original ones. Yeah, I think you actually mentioned it in a podcast recently
Al: Was I 1.1?
Codey: You know, it's like no, no, they changed it because like like I married to the to the hot museum guy and he
Codey: Will go to work
Al: right. I haven't played it in a while. There's another new hangout you can watch a film together.
Codey: Like he leaves the house, which is great
Al: There's also arcade minigames. There's a dance dash, mining minia, galaxy invaders, and mice
Codey: oh my god my survivors just locked a frickin hidden core memory rodents
Codey: revenge I gotta play it now that I think listeners if you've ever played
Codey: rodents revenge hit me up cuz I used to play the crap out of
Al: Fair enough. Also, there's some stuff about race growing, but I don't care about that. Pets now have
Al: a 20% chance to bring new gifts. And if you have two or more of the same type of pet, they'll
Al: actually play together. Oh, I forgot that you could now get multiple pets because you remember
Al: the first time we talked about it, I bought a bunch of pet beds and then found that you could only
Codey: Uh-huh.
Al: get one pet. So, that's fun. Nice.
Codey: Grap.
Codey: Wait, oh, you, spiker do gave a hardwood.
Codey: You brought you a stick.
Al: Classic. They've also added an end of season recap screen. So, that's cool. You can just see what
Al: you've gotten throughout the whole season, kind of like the end of day screen that you get as well.
Codey: There's just other stuff like points of interest.
Codey: You can look at pictures, new clothing options, new things
Codey: for your decor.
Codey: It really makes the world feel lived in.
Codey: They also improved the UI of fishing.
Al: Oh, I missed that. Where was that? Oh, yes, improved fishing. I just I got to the
Codey: OK.
Codey: Gotta keep scrolling, man.
Al: point where it talked about clothing and decor and went, okay, fine. We're
Al: done then. And then noticed there was other things as well. Okay.
Codey: combat animations are now smoother. There's hit feedback, so there's a tactile, like you clearly
Codey: hit something. A lot of these UI issues that they're talking about and wondering if this
Codey: has all happened.
Codey: Solar orb.
Al: I mean, basically everything's improved, right?
Codey: Wait a minute, improved NPC sleeping.
Al: Oh, NPCs now sleep with their blankets pulled up.
Al: It looks, of course, they slept on top of the bed.
Codey: I don't know.
Codey: So to be fair last night, I slept on top of the bed.
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: Jeff was like, what are you doing?
Codey: I'm like, I'm really warm.
Codey: Leave me alone.
Codey: I'm just still scrolling to the bottom.
Codey: Ooh, color blind mode, new setting for that.
Codey: Also bug fixes.
Al: All right. That's out now. Next we have the slime launcher 2 1.1.0 update. It is out now.
Al: And they say it adds toys, trimmings and chin-ups.
Al: So there's toys for your slimes. There are a bunch of gadgets for customization and decorations, stuff like that.
Al: And a bunch of quality of life upgrades as well.
Al: The also have added shadow parts.
Al: Players can find shadow parts throughout the grey labyrinth, break them open to reveal a host of shadow's lines inside, or maybe get creative and take them to different location to maximize your earnings. I have no idea what that last bit means.
Codey: fun. Everyone knows that we need that quality of life update of adding feather
Codey: particles when chickens are eaten. I want feathers to rain from the heavens any
Al: Wow. That's terrible. And the final pre wholesome snack news update is Disney Dream
Codey: time. Can so much chicken.
Al: Live Valley have released their the winter ball update. And this adds Cinderella is basically
Al: a familiar glass slipper will lead you to discover where the magical princess from Disney
Al: Cinderella has been all the
Al: time plus there was this on you to multiplayer thing as well dream teams I don't know where this is I don't
Codey: Okay
Codey: The horses
Al: know if I care I really I'm really struggling to care but Disney Dreamlet Valley now it's like
Al: it feels like every week they have a new update and it's like here's another character and nothing else
Codey: Yeah, well, yeah, I think that's the yeah, like that's their that's their whole shtick right like they will always have things to add to it
Codey: Or if they don't have new characters, they'll be like oh now you can get Tiana wearing Cinderella's dress like
Al: Yeah, I just like there's too much I can't it's like it has to be your only game or you'll never keep up with that
Al: That's the voice of someone who has given up trying to keep up
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: No notes.
Al: All right, that's the news
Al: Kind of
Al: We're gonna we're gonna talk about the wholesome snack there were a few things in the wholesome snack
Al: I think--
Al: I think it was about half an hour long, a wholesome snack, let's have a check, yeah it was about half an hour long, and yeah we watched it live, we streamed, we had, I think about four, four people chatting in the chat as well, most of whom have left, there are apparently two people left, but I don't know if they're actively listening because they're not sending any messages in the chat, but maybe that's because we said we were going to ignore that.
Codey: Yep. And we watched it live.
Al: but yeah we were we were
Al: after watching it so we was about half an hour and there were about five things that I felt were related to us that we're going to chat about and first stop we have we finally got some footage of wild society, the follow up to wild flowers and I guess I'm going to wait for Kevin's reaction to that.
Codey: Yep, I imagine that he's going to love it.
Codey: It looked really good, and yeah.
Al: I know it's I know it's up. You're running a B and B aren't you? Are you running some sort of
Al: place? I don't know. I can't remember if there's some story around why you're doing it. But
Codey: Well, so it's like a bed and breakfast
Codey: that for witches that your grandma used to own
Codey: or something like that.
Codey: And so you're building it up, you're decorating it.
Codey: decorating looks really uh
Codey: satisfying gives me house flip revives hosting tea parties hosting
Al: Yeah, and they showed some of the decorating the rooms as well, so I mean, it looks
Codey: saiances
Al: fine.
Al: I think if you like that sort of thing, you're going to have a lot here.
Al: It looks very much like it's just wildflowers, but with a different kind of core loop
Al: of the B&B rather than farming and then continuing on with some more story in that world.
Al: So I'm sure.
Codey: Mm-hmm, and main character, who is a woman, has a lady friend.
Al: Kevin will we'll love it.
Al: Yeah, I'm going to guess it's like the previous one and you're choosing her to romance like
Al: but yeah, it did very clearly show them.
Al: Yes, dancing together.
Al: So more lesbian witches.
Al: We also got the news of wildflowers. The first game in the series is
Al: coming to Xbox and PlayStation. It's already on Switch isn't it? I think I played it on Switch.
Codey: uh probs?
Al: Yes it is already on Switch. No I did not play on Switch. I didn't play it on Steam either.
Al: I played this game though. What did I play it on if I didn't play it on either Switch or
Al: Steam? Is it just that I'm not logged in here? No I am logged in here. No, it's more I went
Codey: Is it on your other st. Switch? The switch that got nuked?
Al: on to the eShop and it says bye no. I can't remember when I played it.
Al: It must have been on Switch and it's just thinking that I don't own it on the web. Anyway yeah so
Al: if you were waiting for that game to come to Xbox or PlayStation now is your time.
Al: Did they announce when that was? Let's have a look. Is it available now? Nice. Yep.
Codey: Uh, I think he said it was available now.
Al: Available now. Nice. Cool. Next we have Spirit Crossing. So this describes itself as a
Al: a beautiful cooperative life sim about building friendships and community.
Al: Now, this is the Netflix one wasn't it?
Al: This is a Netflix game, you don't need Netflix for it on Steam, but you do it on mobile.
Al: It was... let's see, we've got another blurb, but the friend bears, ad-loss spirits,
Al: ride fluffalo, and build a thriving village with other players in this multiplayer life sim from the creators of Cozy Grove.
Al: Oh, it's cozy growth people.
Al: All this opportunities to express yourself, make new friends and enjoy a social experience
Al: like any other.
Al: So is this a fully online
Codey: I'm assuming so. Given that you're either playing on
Codey: um, on Netflix or on a mobile account.
Codey: Over there, it's also on Steam. I don't, I don't, there's, this game
Codey: is kind of confusing. I don't know where this game begins and
Al: Yeah, I'll see you can like climb up cliff faces, which is interesting. I
Al: Think yeah, I think we're gonna need to know more more about this game in the future, but I'm intrigued
Codey: It seems like you can cooperatively decorate a place, decorate your home, you talk to people,
Codey: there's probably NPCs as well that you can talk to, something way more than,
Codey: though I don't, I guess I don't know how many multiplayer people because it looked like there's like
Codey: 15 or 20 people running around. Together, so I guess I don't know who would be an NPC and who
Codey: isn't an NPC here.
Al: I'm guessing none of them are in PCs?
Codey: I mean, I guess the spirits, right?
Codey: Also, you're writing Fluffalo. I don't know where you're going with them, though.
Al: Yes, yeah, yeah.
Al: [Laughs]
Codey: You just kind of ascend... ascend.
Al: It doesn't matter.
Al: You're just going with them, it doesn't matter where.
Al: [Laughs]
Codey: Yeah, it just, I... it looks cute, but I guess there's not to me, there's not enough information about what you will be doing with your friends.
Codey: Like it says, express yourself among friends, keep each other safe.
Al: Yeah, it feels like it thinks it's giving you a lot of information, but actually it's really not.
Codey: What?
Al: Well, I guess we'll keep an eye on it and see what happens with it.
Codey: Yeah, I mean, it's kind of giving spirit fair where it says, as you explore, you'll meet people
Codey: and spirits who need help with patients and kindness. They'll begin to reveal more about themselves.
Codey: Well, it's very spirit fair or coded, but, um, yeah, I don't know. I would need, I need to see more
Al: Also, as always, with multiplayer games,
Al: I'm just gonna struggle to find the time to play with people.
Al: So I wonder if it'll be able to play on your owner
Al: or whether it's online only,
Al: and things will be really hard
Al: if you're only playing as one person.
Al: Also, it says other players.
Al: So maybe it's not people you know.
Al: Maybe it's just, you randomly get added
Al: into a specific village.
Al: Make new friends.
Al: I don't know.
Al: There's a lot, well, we'll keep an eye on it.
Al: We'll see what comes.
Al: Oh, Cory's really been waiting for this whole time.
Codey: uh-huh
Al: It's catchmaker.
Al: In bark on a cozy 3D adventure
Al: where you catch bugs and match them for perfect romance,
Al: explore a world above,
Al: a buzz with cute creatures,
Al: cute critters and help them find their perfect date
Al: through playful mini games,
Al: befriend the locals and cover your past
Al: and embrace your destiny as steward of a magical land.
Codey: you're you're helping bugs find love oh yeah yeah um yeah so this uh when I saw this
Al: You're a bug, matchmaker.
Al: It's, oh, that just, I only just got the catchmaker matchmaker.
Codey: I rest in pepperonis to people on stream that heard me freak out about this um because it's just
Codey: I love the idea like and the butterfly that you are playing as or that like you
Codey: start with is like no I don't this one has too many legs and this one is I don't like this one
Codey: and it's just so silly um so I I like the idea of like going out and finding insects um I'm trying
Codey: to think if there were any non insects like they're if it's just arthropods in general um but going
Codey: out and finding them and bringing them back and being like...
Codey: Do you two want to love each other? Do you two want to love each other and it's like...
Codey: What is the minimum... How are you willing to... What is the word I'm trying to compromise?
Al: Yeah
Codey: Or how subtle? Like, I don't know. I also just really liked the animations of the bugs as well.
Codey: even before you get them on their little dinner plate.
Codey: Uh, in their little like, oh gosh, what was it like lady in the tramp style dinner?
Codey: With their, yeah, I don't know. What did you think of it? I, I kind of was just like losing my mind. Um, I didn't even ask you what you thought of it.
Al: I think it's I think it's a very fun concept, um, I don't, it's definitely not for me.
Al: I feel like they're like having to figure out the different preferences of different bugs
Al: and like try and put them together just feels like it's gonna, you know, it doesn't scratch
Al: my brain in the way that game I want game to, um, but it's definitely a fun concept.
Al: And I, I see what they're doing with it. It's very clever. Um, and I'm sure lots of people will like it. It's, it's, I mean, it's basically a puzzle
Al: game, right? Like you're just, you're trying to, to, you're using what the bug tells you to try
Al: narrow down the different options and try and match them up. And I think that's fun. And the
Al: combining it with, you have to catch the bugs to match the bugs is, uh, is a fun, uh, a fun thing.
Codey: yeah well and I think like they all have there's like a little all the
Codey: different ways that they can be matched like there's all these different
Codey: attributes and you're trying to be like okay how many legs how many you're trying
Codey: to figure out like for each one what is their optimal and then I would think
Codey: like as you're playing it you like some will be more like better matched but then
Codey: you'll come upon another bug and you're like oh man that butterfly would have
Codey: loved this moth or something like that you know I am intrigued you have my
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that's cool
Codey: attention
Al: That is always the first and hardest thing with the game is getting someone interested in it
Al: The final one on our list is called Mandrake
Al: You were the last of the Mandrake's a
Al: Sorsarous line of gardeners at long last you've returned to your families abandoned home
Al: Make friends tend your gardens and put down roots fish gather and delve
Al: In the wilds make a place for yourself and uncover the mysteries your family left behind
Al: When we're on the stream when we're when we're watching this live, I was like this is this is just room factory, right?
Codey: - Oh.
Codey: - Yeah.
Al: And I still I still stand by that. I think this is just I mean it's an interesting different our style
Codey: - Yeah, very, it describes itself as painterly
Codey: and I would agree, accurate description, 10 out of 10.
Codey: But like, I guess they also didn't say that
Codey: like you are the Mandrake.
Codey: I'm really confused about why it was named it.
Codey: But like, I liked the idea of people being like,
Codey: like the world is dead and only some people can farm.
Codey: I guess is that basically what you're saying
Codey: it that is in factry, is that?
Al: I don't know not that bad aspect of it. It's more like the I guess it's actually combat in this
Al: I was just assuming there was combat, but maybe there's not
Codey: I don't remember seeing combat
Al: Okay fine not room factory then
Codey: It's just that like nobody can nobody knows how to farm. There's a curse in a way that no one knows how to farm
Al: Yeah
Codey: Except for people in your line like of your family
Al: Okay, it's it's uh harvestman one world then that's what that was that concept behind that game
Codey: Okay
Al: Yeah, fine
Al: It's interesting I guess I'm not I think it's interesting. I don't know if I like it. I don't I don't I dislike it. It's more like
Codey: I really like the art style
Al: feels
Al: busy and
Al: That's not necessarily a bad thing, but I'm not drawn to it personally
Codey: Okay
Al: I definitely see why one would be drawn to it
Codey: Just not you that's fair
Al: The water looks weirdly realistic compared to the rest of the game
Codey: Well, yeah, I mean, I think that that's the painterly style
Codey: But yeah, maybe this is just not not your bag of tea and that's okay cup of tea
Al: Yeah
Al: Or it is cuz I don't like tea so it is my cup of tea cuz I don't like cup
Codey: That's wild that you don't like tea as that
Al: Which bit not liking D? Oh?
Al: Yeah, yuck leaf water
Codey: You
Al: uh again we'll keep an eye on this so keep an eye on all these games as they come out
Al: I don't think so spirit crossing said there's going to be an alpha soon catch maker and
Al: Mandrake just say coming soon um I can't remember whether we have anything for a world
Al: society in terms of a release date let's have a look on steam they just
Codey: Now, but I did wishlist catchmakers, so listeners stay tuned.
Al: I have wish-listed spirit crossing, because I'm intrigued by it, but I don't know if I'll actually do anything with it.
Al: I might try it and see. It does help that I am already Netflix subscribers, so I do just get it. Yeah, we'll see.
Codey: I just don't know if I've I've never like played a Netflix game
Al: Yeah, there's not a few of them, so Monument Valley 3 was Netflix.
Al: I think the newest cozy grove, which is the other game from these guys. I think the newest cozy grove was a called Camp Something.
Al: That one was Netflix. Other than that, it's mostly like IP stuff, so there was a Stranger Things game stuff like that.
Al: But they're definitely trying to do more stuff, and obviously it might get more interesting if they do actually buy one of brothers, because they're buying the game part of that as well.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But that's a whole other conversation, and who knows what is going to happen with that, because Trump's buddy is trying to buy it as well.
Codey: yep. Well, we'll see.
Al: So he knows.
Al: They're offering more money, but the whole company, whereas the Netflix one is just for some of it, and then they can sell off the rest of it to someone else, for even more money.
Al: So it's business and politics.
Al: We're going to show up together in many, many dodgy deals.
Codey: It's just so fun.
Codey: What a fun timeline we're in.
Al: Oh dear.
Al: All right.
Al: We devolved there.
Al: Shall we wrap up this podcast?
Codey: I'm sure we felt we fell into a little bit of a of a sad reality is not fun anymore.
Al: Cody, do you have anything?
Al: I had to put those up there for a second.
Al: [Laughter]
Codey: I want to get off the ride.
Al: Cody, do you have anything you'd like to share with us?
Codey: Uh, that Rodin's revenge is really fun.
Codey: Um, 10 out of 10 recommend.
Codey: Um, no.
Al: You can just say no you
Codey: Yeah, the answer's no.
Al: All right, you can follow the podcast on tumblr and blue sky at ths pod
Al: You can send us feedback on our website harvest season.club. We will take all feedback and any feedback if you want to tell me I'm wrong
Al: Please do I enjoy finding
Codey: I will say, in one of the most recent feedback requests, you said that you wanted, if people
Codey: wanted to tell you that you're stupid or how you're wrong.
Codey: And I disagree.
Codey: Like I almost legit like just messaged you and been like, "You're smart," like the opposite
Codey: of that.
Codey: So we're not, we're not here to denigrate ourselves until like, I think so.
Al: Did I say stupid? I probably just meant it as like an off-handed like oh that's a stupid
Al: thing to say or something like that I don't know. It's all right I'm not gonna believe anyone
Al: of these say I'm stupid I know I'm not stupid. I may say stupid things sometimes and I made
Codey: Okay, good. Good, good, good.
Al: do stupid things. I mean isn't that most podcasts? Can't even remember what them that was.
Codey: I do think that was the podcast that you started off by saying that you guys were very tired.
Codey: It is.
Al: was that the last one with Kevin?
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: I would be so it's going to be so fun if I get a job on the West Coast, because I'm just going to be so far behind.
Al: Oh no, disaster.
Al: All right, you can also find links on our website.
Al: Did I say the name of the website?
Al: I can't remember.
Al: Harvestseason.club, you can find links there as well
Al: to everything including the patreon patreon.com/thspod
Al: where you can get access to our Slack
Al: and talk to us there.
Al: You can give us feedback there.
Al: You can also get access to our bonus podcast episodes.
Al: There will be one coming out very soon
Al: farming game of the years, games of the year.
Al: Haven't decided when that one's coming out
Al: because normally what I do is I'd release the game
Al: of the year episode on the last Wednesday
Al: and then the non farming game of the year on the 31st.
Al: But the problem is the 31st is the last Wednesday.
Al: So I needed to decide do they come out the same time?
Al: Does the non farming game of the year come out next year
Al: or does it come out before the game of the year episode?
Codey: I feel like they could come out at the same time.
Codey: That makes sense.
Al: I did also, we did also record the greenhouse episode first week.
Al: It could come out first.
Al: We wouldn't say anything in it that would spoil
Al: the game of the year episode.
Codey: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Maybe I'll put it out first.
Al: This is not the day before.
Al: Maybe we'll see.
Al: No promises.
Al: I'm not saying that's a decision made,
Al: but maybe I'll do that.
Codey: I will promise for him.
Al: Always, always Cody promising things for me.
Codey: And that's why you love me.
Al: I think that's everything.
Al: Thank you, Cody, for joining me.
Codey: Thanks for having me.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening, especially the people that are apparently still on Twitch.
Codey: Or did they say something?
Al: No, but still says there's two viewers.
Codey: Oh, they're just lurking.
Al: I don't know who's there, but they're not.
Codey: Filthy lurkers.
Al: I know it's not Vincent, because Vincent said that he was busy.
Codey: You can look you can see who's there.
Al: Oh, but I can.
Al: What do you mean you can see who's there?
Codey: You can see who's there on Twitch.
Al: Can you?
Codey: You go to the top.
Codey: One of the, it's like the viewers.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: There's definitely a way to see it.
Codey: Okay, let me put this game away.
Codey: Oh no, I don't know how.
Codey: Twitch.
Codey: Oh gosh.
Codey: My lap, my computer's like so upset.
Codey: Twitch.
Codey: This human.
Codey: top right stream chat can be.
Codey: You can also see like so I do it a different way. It's like instead of so there's stream chat and then to the right of stream chat
Al: Wait, how did you know that? How did you see that?
Al: Users in all users in chat. Ah, hello, Nami.
Codey: There's a little button that says community and then that shows
Codey: Broadcaster and then the viewers and it can also show who the who the mods are and all of that
Al: All right, thank you for joining me. Thank you, listeners, for listening. Until next time,
Al: have a good harvest.
Codey: Have good harvest.
Theme Tune: The Harvest season is created by Al McKinley with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we
Theme Tune: discussed in this episode.
Codey: And I put my comments and my feedback because then it reduces the stress of, "I'm not
Al: Could you worry what are you shaking a bottle of water next to the mic?
Codey: interesting.
Codey: I'm trying to open my saltines very quietly."
Codey: I did it, I did it, it's done, it's done, it's done.
Al: Right just do it and then I then start talking again, and I'll cut that out. Do you want to say what you were saying again?
Codey: What was I saying?
Al: The you put your comments in
Codey: Oh yeah.